Happiness is a feeling which everyone loves. You can be happy in trying times of your life by accepting your situation as it is and not trying to control what cannot be controlled.

Happiness comes through letting go. Happiness is a type of emotion like all other emotions. No emotions are directly under our control, but we can try to direct them towards a positive path.

Happiness comes from being rational. You should have rational goals, that will affect you positively and make you a better human being. Once you understand what you want to achieve, you can have a clear path ahead of you, which will keep you motivated and happy.

Students can also find more English Speech Writing about Welcome Speeches, Farewell Speeches, etc

Your goal should be something that will make your life worth living. You will then have earned your pride and your Happiness. Some values that will keep you happy are love, friendship and hobbies.

Support of people who you love creates a positive environment, where you can be your personal best. Beware of worldly desires, which pollute Happiness and directs our emotions negatively as the will bring short-termed Happiness and not the kind we should be looking for.
Good Morning, to everyone present here. My name is (your name), and I am going to speak about Happiness.

Most of us don’t feel the need to or have the time to think about what Happiness is. We know it when we feel it. But during these times of crisis, it has become essential to understand what Happiness is really about.

Happiness or being happy is a state of mind which is linked to positive emotions like joy and peace of mind.

Happiness can further be divided into two parts-

Short term happiness
Long term happiness
Short term happiness, as the name suggests, is the state of being happy for a short time. For example, you hear a joke, and you smile. You are happy. It does not necessarily mean that you will be happy throughout the entire day if you keep remembering the joke.

The next type of Happiness is the one that people desire. Long term happiness can mean when your hard work has finally paid off, and you can cherish it for a long time.

It is observed that people are very freckle minded. They want tangible things most of the time. The materialistic thing includes tangible thing like a new computer, new outfits, fancy foods, etc. But it is also true that materialistic things offer us a short period of Happiness, just like a joke does.

During a time of crisis is prevalent now, it becomes challenging to stay happy and positive. It is said that an ‘Idle mind is the devil’s workshop.’ Since we have to spend most of our time at home, we become easily bored and frustrated. Life seems monotonous. To stop ourselves from getting negative thoughts, we have to keep ourselves motivated and always look forward to life.

Sometimes, a change in attitude is all it requires to accomplish a tough task and now, living happily is a tough task.

The Happiness that we should strive to earn is something no one else can give us. It is something we have to define for ourselves. Personal judgments are often based on what other people may think to be right. Other times, being in an unfavorable environment for a while vastly affects our mood and our perseverance.

Being in a depressing environment can make a person physically ill. Stress, anxiety, insomnia, depression are a few of the common problems that unhappy people have to go through every day. It becomes a huge burden and destroys our will power.

There isn’t a single thing or a single button you can press to become happy. It cannot be achieved overnight. We have to take small steps to achieve our goal. Things that can effectively pave the path for Happiness are regular exercise, being in touch with nature through gardening, jogging, caring for people, sharing our thoughts and worries with others.

So, in conclusion, Happiness is feeling calm and at peace with our surroundings. Happiness is what we feel when we are satisfied with everything that we have. :D :) :(